1.  [openBIS Documentation Rel. 20.10](index.html)

<span id="title-text"> openBIS Documentation Rel. 20.10 : Custom Import </span>
===============================================================================

Created by <span class="author"> Fuentes Serna Juan Mariano (ID)</span>
on Oct 01, 2020

Introduction
------------

`Custom Import` is a feature designed to give web users a chance to
import a file via `Jython Dropboxes`.

Usage
-----

To upload a file via `Custom Import`, the user should
choose `Import -> Custom Import` in openBIS top menu. The
`Custom Import` tab will be opened, and the user will get the combo box
filled with the list of configured imports. After selecting the desired
`Custom Import, the` user will be asked to select a file. After
selecting a file and clicking `the Save` button, the import will start.
The user should be aware, that the import is done in a synchronous way,
sometimes it might take a while to import data (it depends on the
dropbox code).

If a template file has been configured a download link will appear. The
downloaded template file can be used to create the file to be imported.

Configuration
-------------

To have the possibility to use a `Custom Import` functionality, this
needs an AS [core plugin](Core-Plugins_53745960.html) of type
custom-imports. The `plugin.properties` of each plugin has several
parameters:

parameter name

description

`name`

The value of this parameter will be used as a name of `Custom Import` in
web UI.

`dss-code`

This parameter needs to specify the code of the datastore server running
the dropbox which should be used by the `Custom Import.`

`dropbox-name`

The value is the name of the dropbox that is used by the
`Custom Import`.

`description`

Specifies a description of the `Custom Import`. The description is shown
as a tooltip in the web UI.

    template-entity-kind

Custom import templates are represented in OpenBIS as entity
attachments. To make a given file available as a custom import template
create an attachment with this file and refer to this attachment with
template-entity-kind, template-entity-permid, template-attachment-name
parameters, where: template-entity-kind is the kind of the entity the
attachment has been added to (allowed values: PROJECT, EXPERIMENT,
SAMPLE), template-entity-permid is the perm id of that entity and
template-attachment-name is the file name of the attachment.

    template-entity-permid

    template-attachment-name

 

### Example configuration

**plugin.properties**

    name = Example custom import
    dss-code = DSS1
    dropbox-name = jython-dropbox-1
    description = This is an example custom import
    template-entity-kind = PROJECT
    template-entity-permid = 20120814111307034-82319
    template-attachment-name = project_custom_import_template.txt

The dropbox needs to be defined on `the DSS` side as a `RPC dropbox`:

**service.properties**

    dss-rpc.put.<DATA_SET_TYPE> = jython-dropbox-1

<span style="font-family: monospace;"> </span>

Document generated by Confluence on Mar 14, 2023 09:10

[Atlassian](https://www.atlassian.com/)
