::: {#page}
::: {#main .aui-page-panel}
::: {#main-header}
::: {#breadcrumb-section}
1.  [openBIS Documentation Rel. 20.10](index.html)
:::

[ openBIS Documentation Rel. 20.10 : Custom Import ]{#title-text} {#title-heading .pagetitle}
=================================================================
:::

::: {#content .view}
::: {.page-metadata}
Created by [ Fuentes Serna Juan Mariano (ID)]{.author} on Oct 01, 2020
:::

::: {#main-content .wiki-content .group}
Introduction {#CustomImport-Introduction}
------------

`Custom Import` is a feature designed to give web users a chance to
import a file via `Jython Dropboxes`.

Usage {#CustomImport-Usage}
-----

To upload a file via `Custom Import`, the user should
choose `Import -> Custom Import` in openBIS top menu. The
`Custom Import` tab will be opened, and the user will get the combo box
filled with the list of configured imports. After selecting the desired
`Custom Import, the` user will be asked to select a file. After
selecting a file and clicking `the Save` button, the import will start.
The user should be aware, that the import is done in a synchronous way,
sometimes it might take a while to import data (it depends on the
dropbox code).

If a template file has been configured a download link will appear. The
downloaded template file can be used to create the file to be imported.

Configuration {#CustomImport-Configuration}
-------------

To have the possibility to use a `Custom Import` functionality, this
needs an AS [core plugin](Core-Plugins_53745960.html) of type
custom-imports. The `plugin.properties` of each plugin has several
parameters:

::: {.table-wrap}
parameter name
:::
:::
:::
:::
:::

description

`name`

The value of this parameter will be used as a name of `Custom Import` in
web UI.

`dss-code`

This parameter needs to specify the code of the datastore server running
the dropbox which should be used by the `Custom Import.`

`dropbox-name`

The value is the name of the dropbox that is used by the
`Custom Import`.

`description`

Specifies a description of the `Custom Import`. The description is shown
as a tooltip in the web UI.

``` {.p1}
template-entity-kind
```

Custom import templates are represented in OpenBIS as entity
attachments. To make a given file available as a custom import template
create an attachment with this file and refer to this attachment with
template-entity-kind, template-entity-permid, template-attachment-name
parameters, where: template-entity-kind is the kind of the entity the
attachment has been added to (allowed values: PROJECT, EXPERIMENT,
SAMPLE), template-entity-permid is the perm id of that entity and
template-attachment-name is the file name of the attachment.

``` {.p1}
template-entity-permid
```

``` {.p1}
template-attachment-name
```

 

### Example configuration {#CustomImport-Exampleconfiguration}

::: {.code .panel .pdl style="border-width: 1px;"}
::: {.codeHeader .panelHeader .pdl style="border-bottom-width: 1px;"}
**plugin.properties**
:::

::: {.codeContent .panelContent .pdl}
``` {.syntaxhighlighter-pre syntaxhighlighter-params="brush: java; gutter: false; theme: Confluence" theme="Confluence"}
name = Example custom import
dss-code = DSS1
dropbox-name = jython-dropbox-1
description = This is an example custom import
template-entity-kind = PROJECT
template-entity-permid = 20120814111307034-82319
template-attachment-name = project_custom_import_template.txt
```
:::
:::

The dropbox needs to be defined on `the DSS` side as a `RPC dropbox`:

::: {.code .panel .pdl style="border-width: 1px;"}
::: {.codeHeader .panelHeader .pdl style="border-bottom-width: 1px;"}
**service.properties**
:::

::: {.codeContent .panelContent .pdl}
``` {.syntaxhighlighter-pre syntaxhighlighter-params="brush: java; gutter: false; theme: Confluence" theme="Confluence"}
dss-rpc.put.<DATA_SET_TYPE> = jython-dropbox-1
```
:::
:::

[ ]{style="font-family: monospace;"}

::: {#footer role="contentinfo"}
::: {.section .footer-body}
Document generated by Confluence on Mar 14, 2023 09:10

::: {#footer-logo}
[Atlassian](https://www.atlassian.com/)
:::
:::
:::
